It seemed quite apparent from the meeting that he hadn't actually read 
the draft you'd given him, as he made blanket statements that didn't really 
have direct relevance to your specific work. I still don't know what the 
Theory section is. The play is to smash out CMP6230 Fri - Mon, and 
CMP6200 Tue - Thur. Following week is the ethics form which isn't 
too major for you (?) but also more importantly it's CMP6202.


Daniel says he's looking into Google Colab for cloud processing,
and as such data would likely be stored on Google Drive.

Identify data sources.
Where is it? What does it look like?

"Standard desk exercise" (?) Clean dataset, properly labelled, using ML for classification.
Classifying query type? Do I do that or does the LLM?

Likely going to be criticised on your literature review being impractical. Should not be a
"laundry list" of loads of references for the sake of it. Say what you learned from EVERY 
REFERENCE, and avoid giving a "hazy description". If he is unconvinced it's helping you,
you will get a bad grade. Be practical, be honest, have you learned something from the review?
Will that learning filter into your development?

Wants something more concrete, hello world LLM app. 

Word count not crazily important, he's not counting but don't go overboard.

Have you put together a good plan of how to proceed further?

Your planning should reflect good evaluation.

Amount of sources isn't essential to him, and he is moreso assessing the value of your work and references. Use common sense, he says.

The easiest way to do so is "are you convinced you've learnt the best practice to implement the project that comes next"

Credit early works in each topic as you have. Have you for LLMs?

RAG Pipelines??????? You've not mentioned that, so apparently there's a hole in it.

You've also not mentioned infrastructure.

If you don't know if you need something and it's hard to understand and you're not going to implement it, then what's the point?
Next week, present newer draft. Assessed based on your preparedness for that deadline.