!!! PROPOSAL WORTH 10% DUE WEEK 4, 14/10/24 !!!

ON WEEK 3, YOUR PROPOSAL WILL BE CHECKED.
ON WEEK 6, YOUR INITIAL LITERATURE REVIEW WILL BE CHECKED.
ON WEEK 9, YOUR LITERATURE REVIEW WILL BE CHECKED.
ON WEEK 10, YOUR LITERATURE REVIEW IS DUE. 25/11/24

Week 3, 6, 9 deadlines also apply in semester 2.

After everything you work for, 20% of it is down to a poster and live demo.
The dissertation itself is only 55% of the dissertation module.

Atif's meeting:

Your research is into the best LLM?
All alternatives, quantify the performance of each one that you try.
A chatbot that can also produce reports? Two aspects of a wider program. Feed your own data into the model, uni-related policies and stuff is what they asked for on the brief but what if I could adapt it to data supplied by the user INCLUDING said uni data?
Final decision sometime in October. Leave some time (7 - 10 days) to write up the proposal. Don't know what the proposal entails just yet.

Online tutorials for chatbots with LLM. Understand what an LLM is, what's required. 
Research into the dedicated topic they gave i.e. uni policies. Mundane but necessary.

Last week he referred to "embedding models", to translate text like those policies into data interpretable by the LLM.
LLMs are expensive to run from your own PC (Though wouldn't they also be expensive on the cloud?)

LLMs such as ChatGPT, Sonnet.
If you don't want to spend money you'll probably be stuck with a shit one that doesn't work well.

"The next week is critical for you, you should read around into your topic so you can make a sensible choice for what you want to do"


Islah's lecture:

Choose the right project for you. Something you're passionate about. Do I seriously care about an AI chatbot? Even though I don't, what else am I passionate about?
Seems to be recommending not to do industry projects? "Project you don't have ownership of..."
Use your supervisor's knowledge. If you need his help on a topic, ask ASAP, don't necessarily wait to Thursday.
Your second supervisor (Iain) is someone you could also talk to. You're not necessarily limited to just speaking to them.
Produce drafts. Atif could then feedback on those.
If you don't turn up to your supervisor meetings they're likely to come after you.
Islah's role is general advice, he does audio engineering so he definitely isn't your specialist.
If something pressing actually does come up, don't go to the supervisor meeting. Can always speak to him after even though he said "I want a paragraph of your progress"

Avoiding mental burnout can be done via consistent work rather than working last-minute. 
If your study goes wrong or you get incorrect data, you can apparently still pass even with scientific failure.
You're marked on methodology, where you got it from/how you implemented it.
Validate the work you're doing, but not so much that its as though the supervisor has done it for you.

Unironically suggesting to use ChatGPT to summarise things.

Make time plans such as Gantt charts. It can be evidence, one of the examples had it as an appendix.
On said time plan, leave empty space at its end.