Atif meeting:

Atif is a harsh marker. I'm presuming Iain is too. 
In the lit review, he isn't looking for sheer amount of papers you reviewed.
It should produce "lessons", and shouldn't just abruptly end.
Writing style is important, your technical ability can only get you so far. This means you must clearly articulate everything you write.
Instead of writing and writing and writing, go over what you've already written to identify and fill gaps i.e. explain something that was insinuated.
"There was an increase in the heart rate" -> "The heart rate increased". He's critical of word count inflation.
Daniel mentioned a multi-model LLM? No idea what that is, research it.
Going forward, or at least with the lit review, more extensive journal entries should be written to document the week's findings rather than "I did X then X then X"
If Atif wants you to pair up, Daniel seems the most knowledgeable.
Make a low-end prototype perhaps BEFORE Christmas break. Optional but it'd score some points with him.
Your lit review should be a resource to yourself. It'll "showcase your individuality" because you should give opinions.

Guest lecture (James Dean from the BCU library):

Every single dissertation on the library page got at least 70%. 
Identify some key topics/themes found in multiple texts. The example cybersec one had sections for honeypot systems, common attack vectors, etc.
The papers you identify need to be directly relevant to your exact project.
OUTCOME -> INTERVENTION -> CONTEXT. "Developing a framework" is an outcome, "for cybersecurity risk assessment" is an intervention. "for manufacturing SMEs" is context.
To search for singular and plural nouns (vulnerability, vulnerabilities), replace the last character with an asterisk. This is called truncation.
"Did not present empirical evidence" is a funky sentence that sounds good when saying why a paper was not used.
Use more than just Google Scholar.
"Library Hub Discover", apparently every book must be registered here.
open-access.bcu.ac.uk shows results from BCU students & staff; the text of the paper before it went through a publisher so it could be missing tables and figures.
core.ac.uk is like the previous one but more than BCU.
Sounds like your initial one in the proposal was bad. You need to be doing ANDs and ORs. "NLP" AND "Chatbot" or something like that. "Chatbot" OR "Digital Assistant"
Scopus lets you save found papers to a list.
Chrome has a "document manager" plugin with Scopus integration.
Google Scholar could yield too much, and could get results from "predatory journals". Assess the quality of journal articles as you did in the proposal. Impact factor etc.
Google Scholar can actually include the BCU library from its settings. This adds a "check BCU library" button to results.
Using scopus, he put criteria in to narrow a really broad topic down to 15 papers. The ones he found were hyper-specific, and outstanding for a review.
Seems to be Scopus > IEEE > BCU > Scholar. 
Top right of a scopus search shows "Analyze results", which makes a little graph of dates of publishing, author's institution etc.
 