Atif:

Look into something called "bedrock", might be by openAI?
It doesn't actually have to be a subscription LLM; you might be able to use one you download like what you have on your desktop.
However, in doing so you would directly contradict your proposal, look like an idiot, and require your home desktop to be remoted to. Don't bother.

Islah (You recorded ~half of this on your phone):

Use an LLM, it's stupid not to with how powerful they are.
THIS DOES NOT MEAN "WRITE YOUR REVIEW WITH AN LLM". It means "use it to analyse things and research".
Engineer the prompts you give to an LLM. "Summarise this paper", then "summarise how it fits into the subject area" (?)
"Rate the quality of the paper", "How well is it rated in the subject area?"
Consider an OpenAI subscription perhaps. £20/month, you can do so much with it.
Google's is also £20/month but I'm not sure if it's actually as good.

25 November, with draft meetings 31 Oct, 21 Nov.
Your aims and objectives will change as you do the research; that's fine.
What you write here will be in your final dissertation.
Using but not citing = references, Using with citing = bibliography??? (might be the other way around)
Breadth-first, meaning only read abstracts to begin with.
It's fine to not know what a paper is talking about to begin with, you may come to learn it as you read others. 
An LLM can explain equations, you can put images of them.
See what "zoterro" (?) is. Something about references.
Use the specific terminology that you find in papers, makes you sound smart.
Find "classics", old papers with thousands of citations, alongside your modern ones to sound knowledgeable on the area.
In doing so, you can talk about the new research that superseded the old ones to show expertise of the subject.
Might be good to identify specific authors to look at.
Islah doesn't seem to think books are that good of a source, "they're where dead research goes". He specified how long it takes for books to be published.
While it's worth mentioning historical findings in the field, don't make it too long - there's millions of words to write but it's not what this is about.
This is THE semester 1 CMP6200 assignment, akin to the big reports you'd do for other modules.
If you start having issues with Atif or anyone else, remember that you are paying £9250 for this.


