Keep the old iterations of your prototypes to talk about the iterative improvements you made.
The most notable of those improvements are likely Streamlit and LangGraph.

YOU SHOULD MAKE SOME POWERPOINT SLIDES WHICH YOU CAN SEND HIM AHEAD OF TIME AND GO THROUGH DURING THE MEETING.
Atif says roughly 4 slides (more allowed but keep low), keep concise but with clear demonstration of achievement.
Directly link said slides to your project objectives. List progress of each.
Perhaps prepare additional slides that you don't send. He gave a strange point regarding additional slides for questions.

!!! DO NOT BEGIN WITH THE CODE. !!!
He frequently mentions a 10-minute time limit, mentioning that while you should show the backend, it may not be all about it.
Perhaps he instead wants the theoretical backing of what you're doing. Tool calls, LangGraph (though week 3 he just ignored me?).
He wants you to sell it to someone who knows nothing about how it all works. Frame it like a "sales pitch".
In doing so, you're technically rehearsing the viva. He said the viva's "where most of the marks are" even though that couldn't be further from the truth.

Expect in-depth Q&A. Rehearse ahead of time.
Questions on both function and code. Code should "run at a click" and presentation should be "self-contained".
This is true of your code, you have the nice Streamlit UI for it now. Not really sure what he's referring to concerning the presentation.

He has an obsession with Agentic AI. He's wanted you to talk about it for two weeks now, so maybe do some detailed research
for it. Can you implement it here? It sounds like he really wants you to.

"No particular milestone in mind" regarding "relevant milestone" marking criteria.

His marking is entirely subjective and based on nothing but his own whims.
It is literally not possible to get over 80%.

Iain will be present next week, and it is therefore unlikely to be Tuesday 4pm as usual due to schedule mismatch.

You're meant to be writing your dissertation as you go, though he couldn't answer where you should be right now, instead deflecting to "it's not part of this meeting".
As expected, his advice is "don't do it all at once".
You should journal your progress every time you work on the dissertation. (This is what Mahara was meant for, but you forgot.)
You probably want to resume what you did last semester where you message him your progress ahead of the meeting.

Be cautious of the laundry list of references. Work shouldn't be referenced simply because it is published, but rather because it is DIRECTLY RELEVANT!
Elements of your literature review may benefit from updates before the dissertation is finalised.


My general summary is this:
    You are WOEFULLY overthinking Week 6's meeting. It is a graded meeting, and they may make you feel like an idiot if you can't answer their questions.
    So what? The meeting is 2.5% of the grade. You could just not even go and still do well in the module, so don't sit and overthink about what's effectively 
    an insignificant event. 